adds release instructions (#38)
Shopify/voucher: CONTRIBUTING.md

that code.

- Open a PR against Shopify/voucher

## Making a release

If you are maintaining the Voucher project you can make a release of Voucher
using `goreleaser`.

First, update the master branch to the commit that you'd like to create a
release for.

```shell
$ git checkout master
$ git pull
```

> If everything looks good, you will want to create a new tag. Voucher uses

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If everything looks good, create a new tag. Voucher uses
```

[Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org) which basically means that API
compatible changes should bump the last digit, backwards compatible changes
should bump the second, and API incompatible changes should bump the first
digit. For example, if we are fixing a bug that doesn't affect other systems
we can bump from v1.0.0 to v1.0.1. If the change is backwards compatible with
the previous version, we can bump from v1.0.0 to v1.1.0. If the change is
not backwards compatible, we must bump the version from v1.0.0 to v2.0.0.

Run the following, where `version` is replaced with the appropriate version for
this release:

```shell

> $ git tag -s <version>

Reviewer: What happens if someone just tags without signing?

Author: I don't think there's a requirement that we sign tags but I'd probably argue we should so that we can ensure that nobody tampers with them after the fact!

Reviewer: Totally agree! Just asked because I was curious whether github now has a feature where tags need to be signed.

```

(Note that you will need to have Git configured to sign tags with 
your OpenPGP key or this command will fail.)

> Before pushing your tag, you will want to build release versions of Voucher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before pushing your tag, build release versions of Voucher.
```

> If this step fails, you will want to fix it, and that would require deleting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this step fails, please fix it, and that would require deleting
```

that code.

- Open a PR against Shopify/voucher

## Making a release

If you are maintaining the Voucher project you can make a release of Voucher
using `goreleaser`.

First, update the master branch to the commit that you'd like to create a
release for.

```shell
$ git checkout master
$ git pull
```

If everything looks good, create a new tag. Voucher uses
[Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org) which basically means that API
compatible changes should bump the last digit, backwards compatible changes
should bump the second, and API incompatible changes should bump the first
digit. For example, if we are fixing a bug that doesn't affect other systems
we can bump from v1.0.0 to v1.0.1. If the change is backwards compatible with
the previous version, we can bump from v1.0.0 to v1.1.0. If the change is
not backwards compatible, we must bump the version from v1.0.0 to v2.0.0.

> Run the following, where `version` is replaced with the appropriate version for

Reviewer 2: I think it makes sense to put all of this in a numbered list? That way it's easy to tell when a step starts and ends. It also allows for less text to read because it would be:

1. `command_to_run`
description of `command_to_run` and some gotcha's that one may encounter

Author: Do you have an example of documentation that does this? I'm not opposed to doing this, but I'm uncertain what it would look like.

Reviewer 2: Not off the top of my head, but I got my inspiration from https://github.com/Shopify/k8s-template-validator#releasing-a-new-version-shopify-employees since it's short and sweet

Author: I think this might be something we disagree on to be honest, I find that documentation too short and lacking in context as to why certain things are happening 😅

Reviewer: I think more words don't hurt. Also if you look at the file rendered you basically have that, just execute only the commands and skip the text.

this release:

```shell
$ git tag -s <version>
```

(Note that you will need to have Git configured to sign tags with 

> your OpenPGP key or this command will fail.)

Reviewer 2: Which command are you referring to? I think this will be solved if we number the steps, though

Author: This is referring to:

```shell
$ git tag -s <version>
```

Author: I think this is a good indication that regardless of what we do this is not clearly linked to that command!

Before pushing your tag, build a release version of Voucher to ensure that
everything builds properly:

```shell
$ make release
```

> If this step fails, please do not make a release without fixing it and delete

Reviewer 2: "...please do not make a release without fixing it. Delete the tag so it can..." reads better IMO

the tag so it can be replaced once the issue is fixed.

If this step is successful, the ready-to-be released files will be found
under `dist/`.

Next, push the tag to the server, where `version` is the same version you
specified before:

```shell
$ git push origin refs/tags/<version>
```

Finally, create a new release in GitHub for the new version for the tag you
created and signed, upload the binary tar archives that were created in `dist/`

> as well as the `changelog.txt` file. The output of the `CHANGELOG.md` file

Reviewer 2: What actually changes in this `changelog.txt` file? This is the first time it's mentioned, so I'm not sure if the file is generated automatically or I have to generate it myself?

Author: It's automatically generated by the goreleaser command!

Author: I've reworded this, how does the reworded version sound?

Reviewer 2: "...upload the automatically created..." to emphasize it was automatically created? Also your updated versions refers to `checksum.txt` and not `changelog.txt`; is that intentional?

Author: Yep! I had the wrong filename in the original version. I've made a couple more changes, do you think this is clear enough?
